release the sensitive-info flag (#3369)
alcionai/corso: website/docs/setup/configuration.md

Corso generates a unique log file named with its timestamp for every invocation.
The default location of Corso's log file is shown below but the location can be overridden by using the `--log-file` flag.
The log file will be appended to if multiple Corso invocations are pointed to the same file.

You can also use `stdout` or `stderr` as the `--log-file` location to redirect the logs to "stdout" and "stderr" respectively.
This setting can cause logs to compete with progress bar displays in the termal.
We suggest using the `--hide-progress` option if you plan to log to stdout or stderr.

Log entries, by default, include user names and file names. The `--mask-sensitive-data` option can be
used to replace this information with anonymized hashes.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Corso generates a unique log file named with its timestamp for every invocation.
The default location of Corso's log file is shown below but the location can be overridden by using the `--log-file` flag.
The log file will be appended to if multiple Corso invocations are pointed to the same file.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can also use `stdout` or `stderr` as the `--log-file` location to redirect the logs to "stdout" and "stderr" respectively.
This setting can cause logs to compete with progress bar displays in the termal.
We suggest using the `--hide-progress` option if you plan to log to stdout or stderr.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Corso generates a unique log file named with its timestamp for every invocation.
The default location of Corso's log file is shown below but the location can be overridden by using the `--log-file` flag.
The log file will be appended to if multiple Corso invocations are pointed to the same file.

You can also use `stdout` or `stderr` as the `--log-file` location to redirect the logs to "stdout" and "stderr" respectively.
This setting can cause logs to compete with progress bar displays in the termal.
We suggest using the `--hide-progress` option if you plan to log to stdout or stderr.

> Log entries contain plain text information by default, including user and file names.
> If you plan to share your log outputs publically, the `--sensitive-info hash` option will replace all private
> details with a cryptographically secure hash.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log entries, by default, include user names and file names. The `--sensitive-info hash` option can be
used to replace this information with anonymized hashes.
```
